Question normal

1. Describe Git branching strategies (Git-flow, single branch, feature branch etc.) which you have used and what purpose does it serves.
Ans : Git branching strategies make developer life is easy to work with a team, make build projects safely, and with no conflict.
I’ve used Git-flow

2. How do you revert a commit that has already been pushed and made public?
Ans : use <git refolg> command will show the current commit history ID. and use <git revert> command commit with ID.

3. How do you normally solve conflicts in a feature branch before merge? 



4. “200 OK” what does it mean and show use case this HTTP Status?
Ans : The request is OK.

5. “201 Created” what does it mean and show use case this HTTP Status?
Ans : The request is complete and new resources created

6 “301 Moved Permanently” what does it mean and show use case this HTTP Status?
Ans : The request page has move to new url.

7. “400 Bad Request” what does it mean and how to identify the problem?
Ans : The server not understand the request.

8. “401 Unauthorized” what does it mean and how to identify the problem?
Ans : The request page needs a username and password.

9. “403 Forbidden” what does it mean and how to identify the problem?
Ans : Access is forbidden to the request page.

10. “404 Not Found” what does it mean and how to identify the problem?
Ans : The server can not find the request page. 

11. “500 Internal Server Error” what does it mean and how to identify the problem?
Ans : The request not complete. Server met unexpected conditions

12. “502 Bad Gateway” what does it mean and how to identify the problem?
Ans : The request not complete. Server received an invalid response from upstream server.

13.  “503 Service Unavailable” what does it mean and how to identify the problem?
Ans : The request not complete. Server is temporarily overload or down.

14. “504 Gateway Timeout” what does it mean and how to identify the problem?
Ans : The gateway has timeout.

15. What are Linux network tools do you use for troubleshooting network problems as well as usage scenarios for each tool?
Ans : Linux network took help to analyze, maintain and troubleshoot difference problem with your server, network infrastructure and your domain name.

ping kubeops.guru
curl kubeops.guru
wget kubeops.guru/somefile.txt
ssh your_user@domain.com
telnet kubeops.guru
